Pico default xxx impl (#3033)
raspberrypi/pico-sdk: src/rp2_common/pico_printf/CMakeLists.txt

    add_library(pico_printf_default INTERFACE)
    target_link_libraries(pico_printf_default INTERFACE pico_printf_pico)

>     # PICO_CMAKE_CONFIG: PICO_DEFAULT_PRINTF_IMPL, The default implementation for pico_printf to link; 'compiler' lets the compiler/C Lib rary control printf behavior while 'pico' provides a compact pico-specific implementation, type=string, default=pico, group=pico_printf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # PICO_CMAKE_CONFIG: PICO_DEFAULT_PRINTF_IMPL, The default implementation for pico_printf to link; 'compiler' lets the C compiler/library control printf behavior while 'pico' provides a compact pico-specific implementation, type=string, default=pico, group=pico_printf
```
Changed to match wording used in other places in this PR.
